Now the last thing we need to do is check our scale.
Let's go back to the default view and let's bring back some of our scene here.
Maybe this maybe the walls actually.
All we really need is our furniture here and now we need to scale this down to work with our furniture.
So I'll hit the three key and the five key the Z key to go to wireframe and now I need to figure out
kind of how big this is going to be.
Let's rotate this around the z axis.
Let's press our z 9 0 just so we can see it a little better and I'll just scale it down with the key
and with that pivot point at the center of the grid we can see it scaling it down from the floor or
the grid here.
What do you think something like that.
It's kind of hard to know exactly how big that should be.
I'll take the scale back or the rotation back to zero and let's move that over here and just see how
it looks.
I'm going to press g and Shift Z and now I can slide it around in the y and x axis and if we kind of
put it up near the couch here to try and get a sense of what it's going to be I think that feels to
me about right.
I'm going to go with that.
So I want to go ahead and press control a and hit the scale for the transforms and apply that.
And now we can do a little bit of scaling in unity if need be.
But I think this is going to work let's give this a try.
All right so if I want to go ahead and leave it there for now I can export this out.
I can go to a file export and FBA X and I can make sure that selected objects is checked and I'll go
ahead and export it out into the assets folder of our unity project and I'll call it TV.
So let's hit export and then we go here in unity we can see it here it's come into the assets folder.
It's also brought all of our TV materials in into the materials folder which is good that's what we
want.
I'll take that TV and drag it into the hierarchy and there it is now in here.
It's looking a little too big isn't it.
So we could bring it down a little bit here in the scale it's let's try 95.
Let's even try let's try 90 and see how that works.
Yeah kind of like that.
Let's now bring in our textures here in the textures folder.
I'll go ahead and bring up a Finder window here and here I'll find the TV color map and drag that in.
And there we go.
Now if we come in here and select the television we have multiple different materials that we're going
to be using.
We're going to use this same texture map in all of them but we're going to alter the smoothness and
the metallic for each of them.
Will let's work on the screen here first.
I'm going to bring this to pure white just to get that ready and I'll bring in that texture map into
the Al-Bayda.
And there we go so we can see it there.
Now we have an HDR image here in our scene so we should be able to see some reflections in here.
Let's see if we can work on that I'm going to take the metallic all the way up and the smoothness all
the way up and you can see there is the reflection of our environment.
Now we don't want it that reflective of course but if we bring the metallic down just a bit and we bring
the smooth this down some we can kind of get a
slightly reflective
material there yeah.
So as we move around that being kind of see the basic reflections of the room yeah that's kind of nice.
I like that.
All right.
Let's do something similar with that frame.
So with the frame here I'll take that to white.
Let's take that texture map into here.
And for that frame let's try that again let's take it all the way up.
There's what we can see.
In that frame that's once again quite a bit too much.
So let's bring that back down.
And see if we can find here something like I don't want it too shiny but maybe something like that.
All right let's try again with that fabric Let's bring this into our fabric or into the albedo and Rigaud.
And for this we don't really need any
reflection at all since it is fabric.
I'm just going to take the metallic and the smoothen this way down here.
Let's work with the wood.
Now where is the wood.
Here we go TV Wood let's drag our texture into their And we go.
And now for this I think we do want some reflection here because this is kind of a veneer.
It's not really metallic but I think it does have reflection so maybe not quite that much.
Putting it down just a little bit like that something like that.
So as we move around we can tell it has a bit of a shine to it.
Maybe I'll take it down a little bit lower now.
OK.
These panels here let's work on that you know we go
drag that into the Al-Bayda
And these of course are a little bit more Metallik Let's take a look at the reflectivity that's probably
too much.
Let's bring it down.
Kind of like that.
All right.
So there we have our television set up.
Let's take a look at it in game since we have some color correction on our camera recall that we put
both anti-aliasing and color correction on our camera.
Let's take a look at what that looks like.
Yeah I like the reflection of the TV tube.
I like that.
Yeah I think that works pretty well.
I think it may still be a little bit too big.
I may want to take it down just a little bit.
I think that's looking pretty good.
So let's clean up a little in here.
I'll take my TV into the models folder and in the materials yeah I'll go ahead and leave these out.
We could begin creating folders for these to put all the materials for the walls for the TV for the
lamp et cetera.
But I think I'll go ahead and leave them out the naming conventions I think allow us to separate them
out pretty well here.
Now we really need to go through and think about the materials for all of the other objects that we've
put in the room.
We haven't really done that with any of the other objects so take this floor.
We're still using the default settings of this material.
What we can do is let's take a look at the material within the materials folder I'll just select floor
here and you can see that material a sample of it here.
This is a pretty good view to adjust your material I kind of like doing it here.
We did it in the viewport and that worked just fine.
But here you can really see the changes in the material here see how you can see the reflection here
as well.
So this is a good place to work on setting up your materials to kind of isolate it apart from the rest
of the scene.
So this is not a metallic object.
It's true.
Let's take that down and it shouldn't be that smooth.
I don't think so maybe give it a little bit more smoothness like that.
Now you can tell the way material is going to feel the the quality of the material by the highlight
on it.
So as we take the smoothness down you can see that that highlight begins to spread out.
So as we increase it that highlight gets very sharp indicating to us that that's a very reflective smooth
object.
So it's this highlight that I tend to look at as I set up a material as I play with the settings here.
So for me it's a little bit more of a worn material so it wouldn't be quite that sharp of a highlight.
So if I kind of bring it back some that highlight begins to disperse a little bit kind of cueing us
that it's an older worn and not as shining of a material.
So let's go with that for now.
Each one of these objects I think we need to go through and do that.
So for say this table we've got two materials here the top and the wood.
So I could come over here to the materials area and just deal with the top.
See if I can find some settings that work pretty well here.
Now this is not really metallic surface and it's probably not a real reflective surface.
To me it seems old and kind of decayed or worn.
So something like that maybe the wood on the table maybe a little bit shiny or it's not a metallic saw
Keep it low for the metallic setting and for the smoothness or kind of bring that back and give it a
little bit of a sheen but not a lot.
Something like that.
So what you can do is go through your materials individually like this and really concentrate on how
that specular highlight looks and what that communicates about the material in the scene.